fix(enumeration): Document corner case with required password and OAuth (#3368)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/guides/secure/user-enumeration-protection.mdx

  - **Phone code**: Clerk shows the verification screen as if a message was sent, but doesn't actually send anything.
    - Because SMS can be costly during an enumeration attack, Clerk doesn't send SMS for sign-in attempts to non-existent accounts. We're exploring ways to add SMS notifications as we develop our anti-fraud protections.
- User profile: If you add an email or phone number to your profile that already exists, Clerk shows the verification screen as if a message was sent, but doesn't actually send anything. Clerk doesn't send notifications in this case, since these attempts are more likely to be attacks than real updates.

#### Password sign-in for accounts created with a social provider

If **Password** is enabled and a user signs up with a social provider, they'll have an account with no password set. This is true even when password is required at sign-up, because social sign-up bypasses the password setup step.

> If that user later tries to sign in with the email on their social account and enters a password, strict enumeration protection prevents Clerk from revealing that no password is on file. The attempt fails with the same response as an incorrect password.

Reviewer: small tweaks to better clarify the order of events that would occur

open to dropping the last "which can be confusing" part but I feel like it highlights the point of this section (the problem - this is a point of a confusion for users), and ties into the next paragraph (the solution for the problem)
but open to dropping it!

```suggestion
If that user later tries to sign in with the email on their social account instead of signing in through the social provider, Clerk will prompt them to enter a password. If the user tries entering a password, strict enumeration protection prevents Clerk from revealing that _no password_ is on file so, instead, the attempt fails with the same response as an _incorrect_ password, which can be confusing.
```
